alright guys so I'm going to give you a
quick tour the layout more commonly
known as my desk so got a picture my dad
and I have they're just much by the
reign of things but it was going to show
you guys the models that I've been
working on lately it's probably what
you're here for so here's my bc rail
dash line which i've been working on
this summer hi i want to decided to add
sound to it hum so i'll be doing that
when i get home in a few weeks i'll be
adding a tsunami sound decoder to that
one and here's probably one of my
favorite projects from the summer this
is my Norfolk Southern veterans unit and
this is an sd-6 t equal I custom built
and painted and so don't you guys that
real quick one really neat thing about
this paint job is it's just shy of
reflective which makes it look like it's
fresh out of the factory with that shiny
paint so i used the some high gloss
coats for that came out really nice as
you can see i got the correct grab irons
on the front there and a straight
handrail if you look at the prototype
pictures to actually like that so that's
one thing that's really cool i got
operated ditch lights and headlights in
there with leds i got the correct black
horse on the front there and a lot of
custom masking and painting to get those
lines correct there but it came out
really nice it's finished i also added
the correct size logo in the back there
i had to get a new decal sheet for that
but as you can see i used lots of micros
all on to get it to conform to the
details of the shell there so there's my
sd-6 de i think it came out really nice
i'll be sending this back in a few weeks
i just have to test run it and as soon
as i do that i'll send it back so in a
few days i'll be able to get that on its
way so I'm bus and feedback from
feedback from you guys let me know what
you think and see if I can get one last
video of it running up to you guys
before I send it off and real quick one
last thing and you guys have been asking
so here's my tower 55 Boy Scouts
locomotive which is now for sale on eBay
if you guys want you can click on the
link in the description and that'll be
up for sale um it is up for sale right
now so if you just go ahead and click
right down there that will take you to
my ebay page you can find this
locomotive so anyways I've spent
time on that this summer it's fun to
finally get it up and so there it is
that's what I like that for you guys
right now so thanks for watching